[+DOC] Restore policies in restoring ILM indices (#90119)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/ilm-and-snapshots.asciidoc

> When you restore a managed index or a data stream with managed backing indices, 
> {ilm-init} automatically resumes executing the restored indices' policies.
> As needed, make sure to <<restore-snapshot-api.html, restore>> {ilm-init} policies via `include_global_state`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To <<restore-snapshot-api,restore>> managed indices, ensure that the {ilm-init}
policies referenced by the indices exist. If necessary, you can restore
{ilm-init} policies by setting
<<restore-snapshot-api-request-body,`include_global_state`>> to `true`. 

When you restore a managed index or a data stream with managed backing indices, 
{ilm-init} automatically resumes executing the restored indices' policies.
```
